♪
(Water sounding)
BOTH:
Bubble guppies!
Hi, it's me, Molly,
and it's time for--
Beep, beep!
Vroom, vroom, vroom!
It's time for--
Vroom!
(Making brakes screeching,
engine revving sounds)
It's time--
(Making engine revving sounds)
(Making screeching sound)
What's Gill
pretending to do?
Yeah, he's driving a car.
Beep, beep!
(Making engine revving sounds)
(Engine sputtering)
(Barking)
(Yelling)
(Laughing)
It's time for
Bubble Guppies!
Beep, beep.
(Barking)
♪ Bu-bu-bubble gu-gu-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble-bubble-bubble,
guppy-guppy-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, bubble, guppy, guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
I'm Molly!
I'm Gil!
I'm Goby!
I'm Deema!
I'm Oona!
I'm Nonny.
(Barking)
BOTH: Bubble Puppy!
♪ Bu-bu-bubble gu-gu-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble-bubble-bubble,
guppy-guppy-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, bubble, guppy, guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies! ♪
BOTH:
The Amusement Parking Lot.
(Giggling)
Hi.
Hey.
(Barking)
(Horn honking)
Do you know
what that is?
(Horn honking)
A gas station.
It's a gas station.
Yeah.
Come on, let's go
check it out.
MOLLY:
Look at the cars.
GIL:
Cars are cool.
Bye now.
Have a nice day.
(Horn honking)
Hey, Molly, Gil.
How are you doing today?
Hi, Mr. Petrol.
(Bell ringing)
Good morning, sir.
Fill 'er up, please.
You betcha.
Fill 'er up?
Well, that's just
another way of saying
"fill it up
with gas, please."
Gas is what
makes this car go.
I like cars.
Oh, I like 'em too:
big cars, little cars--
(Horn honking)
-- fast cars.
Cool!
(Bell ringing)
There you go, sir.
Have a nice day.
(Horn honking)
(Engine sputtering)
Ooh!
It looks like that car
needs some fixing up.
Excuse me, guppies.
Bye, Mr. Petrol.
Bye.
Beep, beep!
Come on, Molly.
Vroom-vroom!
Beep, beep!
(Barking)
Come on.
♪
Hi, there.
Hello.
ALL:
Good morning, Mr. Grouper.
Well, good morning, everyone.
Beep, beep!
(Making engine revving
and honking noises)
(Laughing and making
brakes screeching sounds)
We were just
at the gas station.
We had to get gas.
What's gas?
Gas is what makes
most cars go.
That's right, Nonny.
"Gas is short for "gasoline,"
which is a fuel.
Cars need fuel
to make them move.
I have my own
special seat in my car.
Hey, me too!
Well, that's good.
Car seats help keep you safe.
Let's think about cars.
Cars roll down
the road on their...
Wheels.
"Wheels," right.
And cars can go left
and right when you turn the...
Steering wheel!
That's right,
"the steering wheel."
And to keep you safe,
you always wear your...
Seat belt.
That's right,
your "seatbelt."
And your seatbelt fits
into your special car seat
or booster seat,
to keep you extra
safe on the road.
I love riding in cars.
Let's sing about it.
♪
♪ It's time to go now,
let's take a ride ♪
♪ Belt buckled,
doors locked ♪
♪ Nice and tight ♪
♪ Turn up the radio ♪
♪ My favorite song's on ♪
♪ Drive fast, drive slow,
no matter where we go ♪
♪ And the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ In the city,
through the town ♪
♪ In my car,
the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ Over bridges
and underground ♪
♪ And my wheels keep rolling
along with my music on ♪
♪ And my new shades
blocking the sun ♪
♪ Dancing in my car seat,
as the horns go "beep, beep" ♪
♪ Nothing could be more fun ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ When the rain comes
and the wind blows ♪
♪ Wipers on, swoosh, swoosh,
roll up the windows ♪
♪ Turning left
and turning right ♪
♪ Signals on, click, click,
we got a green light ♪
♪ And the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ In the city,
through the town ♪
♪ In my car,
the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ Over bridges
and underground ♪
♪ Everybody's wheels go 'round ♪
♪ In the city,
through the town ♪
♪ Everybody's wheels go,
everybody's wheels go 'round ♪
(Cheering and laughing)
Do you like cars?
Me too!
Come on!
Good morning, officer.
How may I help you?
There's something wrong
with my police car.
Well, you've certainly
come to the right place.
Welcome to
Deema's Car Hospital.
I'm a mechanic.
A mechanic is like
a doctor for your car.
Now, what seems to be the
problem with your car, officer?
Well, my car won't go.
Hmm... that is a problem.
Let's hook 'er up
to the car computer.
It's very advanced.
Let's take a closer look
at Officer Oona's car.
There are the wheels,
and there's the door,
and, ah, here's the gas tank
at the back of the car.
Let's take a closer look.
Oh, I see the problem.
What is it?
Why won't my car go?
Looks like you're
out of gas, Officer.
If you want
your car to go,
you have to put
some gas in the tank.
How much gas
would you like?
Well, I don't have
to drive very far,
so I don't need to
fill 'er up all the way.
How about just
half a tank?
Perfect.
This is the halfway line,
right in the middle
because it's the same amount
at the top and the bottom.
We need your help to fill
half of the tank with gas.
Which one of these
is filled halfway:
This one, this one,
or this one?
BOTH:
That one!
Right there!
I think you're right.
This one is less than half.
This one is more than half.
And this one is
right in the middle.
It's half full.
Let's pump some gas!
(Bell ringing)
Here you go,
half a tank.
Now, try and
turn that key.
(Engine starting)
It works!
Thank you, Miss Mechanic.
Drive safely!
Thank you!
You're welcome.
And thank you
for your help.
Excuse me,
what time is it?
It's time for lunch!
♪ What time is it?
It's time for lunch ♪
♪ What time is it? ♪
♪ It's time for lunch ♪
♪ It's lunch time ♪
♪ Hey, what's for lunch? ♪
What do you have
for lunch today, Goby?
I have pasta and cheese.
What did you get, Molly?
I have a ham
and cheese sandwich.
What did you get, Nonny?
I got...
"ma-car-oni and cheese?"
(Laughing)
"Ma-car-oni and cheese?"
BOTH:
That's silly.
(Giggling)
Cars are helpful because they
get us from place to place.
Okay, I'm ready
to start my car now.
Hey, Molly.
I've got four wheels
and a steering wheel.
I'm ready to honk the horn.
(Thumping)
I said, "I'm honking
the horn."
(Fish giggling)
I'm honking the horn!
FISH:
Meow!
You guys, it's not "meow,"
it's "beep, beep."
FISH:
Meow! Hee-hee-hee!
No, "beep, beep!"
Beep! Beep-beep!
Ahhh!
(Making beeping sounds)
Beep, beep!
Come on, Molly, hop in.
We're playing cars.
Fasten your
seatbelt, please.
Vroom, vroom!
Come on.
Beep, beep!
(Making car engine noises)
Fill 'er up, please.
Yes, ma'am.
(Barking)
Vroom-vroom!
Beep, beep!
(Making brake screeching noise)
What are you playing, Nonny?
Parking lot,
that's a place where
you can park a lot of cars.
(Making engine noises)
How come you have your
space helmet on, Goby?
I'm driving my moon car...
on the moon.
(Making engine noises)
(Chuckling)
Beep, beep!
Line up, all you drivers,
it's time to go outside.
♪ Outside, outside ♪
Come on!
♪ Outside, everybody, outside ♪
♪ Line up, everybody ♪
♪ Line up, line up, line up ♪
♪ My gup-gup-gup-gup-guppies ♪
♪ Everybody get out,
get, get, (Guppies) ♪
♪ Get up, get up,
get everybody, go outside ♪
♪ Here we go,
here we go, here we go ♪
♪ Everybody line up,
here we go outside ♪
♪ Everybody, let's go,
go-go-go-go ♪
♪ Get out-out-out-out
out-out-out-out outside ♪
Bubble Guppies!
We're astronauts.
And we're going
to the movies.
On the moon.
(Chuckling)
Once upon a time...
there were two astronauts who
went to the moon to see a movie.
Here we are on the moon.
Now, which way
to the movie theatre?
According to
my calculations,
the movie theatre
is all the way over
on the dark side
of the moon.
We'll have
to drive there.
Let's take the moon car.
(Beeping)
Let's go!
(Engine starting)
GIL:
And so, the astronauts
drove their moon car
to the movie theatre.
We should reach the dark side
of the moon any second now.
GOBY:
Uh-oh, it's too dark.
I can't see where I'm going.
Let's turn on the headlights.
The button is right
here on the dashboard.
Every car has a dashboard.
It's where you turn on and
off all the stuff in the car.
Headlights on.
GOBY:
That's better.
Now we can see the road.
VOICES:
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
Hey, do you hear something,
Astronaut Nonny?
VOICES:
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up.
fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
BOTH:
Moon monkeys!
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
(Monkeys chattering)
I think we lost them.
We'd better get
to the movie theatre.
(Engine starting)
GIL:
So, the astronauts went
to look for the movie theatre,
when suddenly...
Uh-oh,
I can hardly see anything.
The windshield wipers!
That's better.
Fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
Moon monkeys!
(Chattering)
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
MONKEYS:
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
NONNY:
We definitely need
to find that movie theatre.
NONNY:
There's the
movie theatre up ahead.
(Engine sputtering)
What's wrong?
(Beeping)
Uh-oh,
it looks like
we're out of gas.
Out of gas?
(Monkeys chattering)
Moon monkeys!
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
(Chattering)
GOBY:
Oh, hey, moon monkeys.
Fill 'er up?
What did he just say?
I think he said
"fill 'er up."
Fill 'er up?
MONKEYS:
Fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up...
BOTH:
Moon gas!
GOBY:
All right!
Thank you, moon monkeys.
GIL:
And so, the moon monkeys gave
the astronauts enough moon gas
to drive to the movie theatre.
The movie's starting.
Would anyone
like some popcorn?
Fill 'er up.
(All laughing)
And they all lived
happily ever after.
(Cheering)
Come on, everybody,
it's time to dance.
Fill 'er up,
fill 'er up, fill 'er up.
Come on, all you drivers,
get up and dance with us.
Come on, we're going to steer
our cars and honk our horns.
♪ Hey, everybody,
let's get into our cars ♪
♪ We're going to
drive like superstars ♪
♪ Yeah, all you gotta
do is steer and honk ♪
♪ That's it, it's true ♪
Buckle up now, everybody.
When I say go, we're
going to steer and honk
with the wheels
of our automobiles.
Are you with me?
Here we go!
One, two, three!
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn the wheel
of the automobile ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn the wheel around
and it'll make that sound ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Drive that car
and you'll go far ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn and drive, give me five,
let me know when we arrive ♪
♪ Clear the road now,
this car can go real fast ♪
♪ It's time to go now ♪
♪ Just give that horn a blast ♪
♪ Just give
that horn a blast ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn the wheel
of the automobile ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn the wheel around
and it'll make that sound ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Drive that car
and you'll go far ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
♪ Turn and drive, give me five,
let me know when we arrive ♪
♪ Steer and honk ♪
(Cheering)
Cars have steering wheels
so you can point them
in the right direction.
Hey, Molly.
Hi, Gil.
Check it out.
I got a horn that
works this time.
(Horn sounding)
That's good.
Okay, I'm ready
to drive now.
Did you forget to get gas?
My car doesn't run on gas.
It runs on...
(Barking)
...puppy power!
Ready, boy?
(Barking)
Meow!
BOTH:
Meow, meow!
(Growling)
Whoa, Bubble Puppy.
Stay, boy.
BOTH:
Meow, meow!
Oh, no!
(Barking)
(Laughing)
You should have
worn your seatbelt.
Excuse me, Mr. Grouper said
that he's going
to take us for a ride.
That's right!
ALL:
Field trip!
Do you want to go
for a ride with us?
Great! Come on!
GIL:
Where are we going, Mr. Grouper?
You'll see.
Please tell us, Mr. Grouper.
Hmm... nope.
It's a surprise and
I think you're going to like it.
Mr. Grouper?
Yes, Goby?
Are we there yet?
As a matter of fact,
we're almost there.
(Train whistle blowing)
DEEMA:
Please tell us where
we're going, Mr. Grouper.
ALL:
Please!
Okay, okay.
We're going to...
a parking lot!
Did he say "parking lot?"
That's where we're going?
Yup!
Uh, Mr. Grouper,
what's fun about
a parking lot?
Oh, did I say "parking lot?"
I meant to say
"amusement parking lot!"
ALL:
Amusement parking lot?
(Cheering)
(Engine sputtering)
Uh-oh.
What's wrong, Mr. Grouper?
Look at the dashboard.
Oh, no!
We're out of gas.
(Engine sputtering)
ALL:
What happened?
(All speaking at once)
Why aren't we going?
Why did we stop moving?
Don't worry, everyone.
We just ran out of gas.
I guess I should have
filled it up before we left.
(Horn honking)
(All speaking at once)
Who's honking?
What's going on?
(Horns honking)
Mr. Grouper,
I think those cars
are honking at us.
MR. GROUPER:
Uh-oh, we're causing
a traffic jam.
Oh, boy, if we don't
get out of the way,
then nobody can go to
the amusement parking lot.
Don't worry,
Mr. Grouper.
We know a place where
we can get gas for your car.
You do?
Let's help Mr. Grouper
find the place
that fills cars with gas.
Is it the supermarket,
the train station,
or the gas station?
BOTH:
The gas station.
Right, you can fill your car
with gas at the gas station.
Let's call Mr. Petrol.
Yeah.
Okay.
(Phone dialing, ringing)
Gas station.
Hello, Mr. Petrol.
Mr. Grouper,
how you doing?
Well, we just ran out of gas
down the street from you.
Say no more, Mr. Grouper.
I'll bring you some right away.
Thank you.
Fill 'er up?
Well, that was speedy.
This will only take a second.
(Horns honking)
Just another minute, folks.
All right, Mr. Grouper,
that should do it.
(Engine starting)
(Cheering)
(Horns honking, chattering)
Thanks, Mr. Petrol.
No problem,
Mr. Grouper.
Have fun, guys.
ALL:
Thank you!
Amusement parking lot!
(Cheering)
(Laughing)
DEEMA:
This is so fun!
GIL:
Yay! Hurray!
(Laughing and cheering)
MR. GROUPER:
Everybody fasten your seatbelts.
(Cheering)
Turn on the headlights,
Mr. Grouper.
(Horn honking)
(Cheering and laughing)
Roll up the windows, everyone!
Hang on!
ALL:
Windshield wipers!
(Laughing and cheering)
I loved the amusement
parking lot.
Yeah, it was awesome,
and look, I'm ready
to go in my own car now.
Did you put gas in it?
Nope, my car doesn't need gas.
It runs on Bubble Bites.
Okay, boy, let's go!
BOTH:
Meow, meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow, meow.
(Growling)
Oh, no...
(Barking)
FISH: Meow, meow!
(Barking and yelling)
(Laughing)
♪ Bu-bu-bubble gu-gu-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble-bubble-bubble,
guppy-guppy-guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, bubble, guppy, guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies! ♪
♪ And the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ In the city,
through the town ♪
♪ In my car,
the wheels go 'round ♪
♪ Over bridges and underground ♪
♪ Everybody's wheels go 'round ♪
♪ In the city,
through the town ♪
♪ Everybody's wheels go ♪
everybody's wheels go 'round ♪